Create API Console view task (#142)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/test-specification-api-console.adoc

> = Test your API Specification Using the API Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Test Your API Specification Using the API Console
```

Studio provides an API Console view for the API you are designing. The API Console view returns the HTTP status codes and example payloads that you defined in your API specification, and is valuable for testing or exploring how your API behaves.

> Simulating calls to your API is a critical design task that helps you troubleshoot problems and demo the API to prospective users even before you have implemented it. You can simulate calls to the API in the API Console view before publishing a new version of the API specification to Exchange.

Reviewer: simple present tense
```suggestion
Simulating calls to your API is a critical design task that helps you troubleshoot problems and demo the API to prospective users even before you implement it. You can simulate calls to the API in the API Console view before publishing a new version of the API specification to Exchange.
```

> When you activate the API Console view it exposes a mocking service that you can use for testing as if it was an actual implementation of you API specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activating the API Console view exposes a mocking service that you can use for testing as if it were an actual implementation of you API specification.
```
See https://www.grammarly.com/blog/conditional-sentences-was-instead-of-were/

> == Before You Begin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Prerequisites
```

* You must have an API project created.
* Your API project must be synchronized with Design Center.

> == Procedure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Steps
```

Reviewer: It does not matter if replacing these titles makes the deliverable inconsistent. We are implementing approved formatting and style changes going forward only.

> . Locate the API Console view within the API Design perspective. +

Reviewer: Previous file lowercases "design perspective."
Unless this is something unique to the product (an official name), I suggest lowercase.
When referring to an actual UI label, remember to use bold.

> The API Console view displays:
> * A summary of your API specificaiton.
> * All the available endpoints along with their allowed HTTP methods.
> * A list of all the types defined in your API specifcaition.

Reviewer: If the audience is in the UI, do we really need to describe it?
I would omit all of this; the audience will see the *Endpoints* section and HTTP method when performing the next step.
If not, please implement these copyedits:

```suggestion
The API Console view displays:
* A summary of your API specification
* All the available endpoints and their allowed HTTP methods
* A list of all the types defined in your API specification
```

> . Navigate through the the *Endpoints* section and click on the HTTP method that you want to test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate through the the *Endpoints* section and click the HTTP method that you want to test.
```
“click”
Use instead of “click on” or “click into”:

	Click End.
	Click in the Search field.

Use “click” to refer to activating a UI control; reserve “select” for making a choice among options or marking a checkbox.

> . Select the *Try It* button to simulate calls to an API. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Try It* to simulate calls to an API. +
```
Style Ref:
UI elements
Refer to UI elements by label rather than element type.

Don’t specify the following UI element types unless you need to for clarity or navigation: 

button		checkbox	 field			icon		
menu		link		 radio button 		window

	Before	3. Select the Upload all my files now checkbox and click the Next button.
	After		3. Select Upload all my files now and click Next.

> If your API Console view is expanded, you will see the mocking service to the right of the console.

Reviewer: If not? Consider this instead:
```suggestion
Your expanded API Console view shows the mocking service to the right of the console. *Request URL* is populated with your selected API endpoint.
```

> . The *Request URL* field is populated with your selected API endpoint.

Reviewer: MOVE up; this is not a step but rather a result of the previous step.
```suggestion
```

> . Use *Query Parameters* section if you need to add specific parameters to your request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Use *Query Parameters* if you need to add specific parameters to your request.
```
